slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
[bam_sort_core] merging from 20 files and 20 in-memory blocks...
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
[bam_sort_core] merging from 20 files and 20 in-memory blocks...
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
[bam_sort_core] merging from 20 files and 20 in-memory blocks...
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
slurmstepd: error: _get_joules_task: can't get info from slurmd
